The content security policy is a security standard that was introduced to help prevent the execution
of malicious content in the trusted Web page context.
It's not difficult to set up a SEECP.
Problems arise when you start loading third party content, for example, advertising.
When you start adding third party content, a policy might be almost impossible to implement without
the risk of blocking some of those third party resources.
Even if you get your policy set up correctly and everything works perfectly.
There is no guarantee that a third party will not change something on their site, therefore breaking
your site if you rely on advertising revenue.
Be very careful about setting up a content security policy.
I may even go so far as to suggest that you do not implement a CSP.
It's up to you to decide.
The CSP gives you control over what locations a client browser is permitted to load resources from and
what sites are allowed to interact with your site.
This is accomplished by white listing the resources that the client browser is allowed to load.
One of the advantages of a VPs is that you can use Ingenix server blocks and host multiple WordPress
sites on a single server.
You need to keep in mind that you will need to create a unique content security policy for each site
hosted on your server.
You need to take the following steps before creating a content security policy.
Firstly, if you have an existing content security policy, please disable the CSP.
You can open the file that contains the KSP, comment it art and then reload Ingenix to disable the
CSP only at this stage.
Once you have completed the configuration and set up of your site, can you look at creating a content
security policy for your site.
Creating a content security policy will take a little time, but it's another layer of security that
you are adding to your site.
These are the variables we are going to sit with the added content security policy, Engine X directive
in the PDF attached to this lecture, I've given you a link, as well as a brief description of each
of these variables.
To summarize these variables, they restrict where that particular asset can be loaded from.
For example, image source restricts from where images can be loaded.
You have these various variables.
There are others that we will not specify in the event that you do not specify that particular variable.
The fallback is the default source.
The default source sits a default source list for all other variables that are not specified.
The first step in setting up a content security policy is to set up the default policy now with the
default policy.
We will only allow resources to be loaded from our site.
In other words, from self here we have taken each variable and we have specified where the asset can
be loaded from to the right of each variable.
You leave a space, then you type two apostrophes, and then in between the two apostrophes you type
sell, each variable ends in a semicolon.
What's important is the content security policy is typed on a single line.
You can see it at the top of the slide.
Do not attempt to type a content security policy over multiple lines.
You will end up with numerous errors.
This policy of restricting every variable to self is perfect for a site with all the assets are hosted
and served from the same server.
This is not the case with the WordPress site, especially if you use commercial themes and various plug
ins with WordPress.
You need to allow unsafe in line, unsafe evil in the script source and unsafe in line in the style
source.
If you do not, you will run into many issues with themes and plugins.
You also need to allow embedded data such as a base 64 encoded image in the images and fonts source
unsafe in line allows all inline JavaScript code to run and inline styles to be used.
JavaScript and styles should actually be placed in a dedicated file and not in line in proper use of
eval.
Can open up your code for injection attacks, but it is required for the WordPress customizer to work.
JavaScript templating in WordPress also requires unsafe eval.
Embedded data is mostly used to encode images into stylesheets to reduce the number of requests.
Here are the variables unsafe in line, unsafe eval and embedded data added to the CSP.
We are going to create a new include file for the content security policy, we can use the file name
SEECP Underscore, followed by the site name dot com.
And if this file can be created in the ETSI, Ingenix includes or includes or global directory, you
can use any location inside the FTC in your next directory.
I cannot emphasize the importance of the following point.
The CSP is typed on a single line.
The directive is ad header leave Espace content security policy.
Then you have to quotation marks.
The variables are then added in between the quotes and as with any directive, it ends in a semicolon.
At the bottom of the slide, you have an example of the CSP that will be added to the include file in
the PDF.
Attached to this lecture, you will find the default content security policy, which we need to add
to the CSP site dot com NFR.
The default CSP needs to be added to the CSP site Dot Seo NFR.
Before you do that, I recommend you create the default CSP in your text editor.
We need to add additional resources to the content security policy and it's much easier when using a
text editor.
Here I have the default content security policy open in my text editor.
Now we need to start adding resources to the CSP by resources, I'm referring to the white listing of
external sites, you need to open your website in your browser as well as your browsers, developer
tools, and you need your CSP open in your text editor.
In your text editor, you can select your CSP and copy.
In the earlier part of my course, you would have created a file called HTP underscore headers dot com.
And if that file will be located in the global directory, I'd like you to open the HTTP headers while
it's inside this particular file that I asked you to comment your existing content security policy,
you can close HTTP headers.
Now, what I want you to do is Sue DCP.
We want to copy HTTP headers, not SEO enough.
And the file that we want to create is SEECP Underscore, followed by your domain name, Dot Seo in
F you can open the new file using Neno Ciudadanos CSP underscore domain name dot seo in F where you
have your existing content security policy that was commented out.
You can paste the default SEECP that we created.
You can close neno saving your changes to the CSP domain name file.
You can then change to the Ingenix sites available directory and then open your sites, Ingenix configuration
file using Nnenna.
You can scroll down to the include directives include ETEK Ingenix might include files, HTP headers,
dot com, if you will probably have the include ACTC, Ingenix Global.
Now, what we need to do is change the include filename.
CSP underscored the not com enough semicolon, you can close your site's config file, saving the changes.
We've made changes to an engine X configuration file test, the config sudo, engine X, hyphen T test
is successful.
You can then reload engine X.